docs: add tldr version to quickstart (#426)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/quickstart.md

Introduction
------------

<details><summary>TL;DR Version</summary>

> This quickstart is in a "code along" format. If you'd prefer to dive straight into the code and inner workings of the distributed app we build here, clone the [`awesome-kurtosis` repository][awesome-kurtosis-repo], get [set up](#setup), and then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart is in a "code along" format. If you'd prefer to dive straight into running the end results and exploring the code, [install Kurtosis](#setup), clone the [`awesome-kurtosis` repository][awesome-kurtosis-repo], and then run:
```

```bash
cd awesome-kurtosis/quickstart && kurtosis run --enclave quickstart main.star 
```

> Once you've got the app up and running, `cd` into [`go-test`][go-test-example] to run a simple Go unit test against your app. Refer to the [recap](#conclusion) and the other `Review` sections in this quickstart guide to learn more about what we did and how we did it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've got your test environment up and running, `cd` into [`go-test`][go-test-example] to run a simple Go unit test against your app. Refer to the [recap](#conclusion) and the other `Review` sections in this quickstart guide to learn more about what we did and how we did it.
```
